Hello, everyone! Today, we'll be sharing
a rider from Lombard General Insurance Company called "
Benefits." This is a
very good rider that you can add to your
existing health insurance policy.
You can add OPD
benefits, or outpatient benefits, to your insurance policy.
Generally, policyholders express the
opinion that the insurance company should
cover OPD treatment claims,
and some products do. However, the
customer benefit isn't significantly different
because the premium
charged and the benefits offered are
n't significantly different. For
example, if an OPD benefit of ₹10,000 is
offered, the premium
charged is around ₹7,000 to ₹8,000,
which doesn't translate into significant benefits for the policyholder.
Even after that, the policyholder has to avail of these services on a reimbursement basis. The
ICC has come up with a solution to all this. The
OPD benefit you receive will be
more than the premium, and the OPD
claim will be cashless.  It will be on the basis of
reversal. Before reviewing, let me
introduce myself. My name is Ajit
Sherawat. I am a financial advisor and have been
associated with this industry for about 12 years.
We share information regarding insurance and investment on this channel.
If you want to keep yourself updated, then
definitely subscribe to our channel. Let's
start the product review. This product
covers three categories:
cashless outpatient services, will win, and
rewards. Width. You can
also add it to your existing health insurance policy.
You cannot make it individually.
If you only
want to take a policy for your own benefit, then that company does
not make this option available to you, which means you
can also add it to your existing policy. Talking about storage, the
first benefit is in the plan.
You can also claim outpatient treatment, that is, OPD, on this plan.
Whatever speed expenses you use,
you can plan all of them on this plan.
And that too on a cashless basis. ESI Lumba has
tied up with many doctors and every
day you consult a doctor,
your treatment will be done on a cashless basis there,
you will not have to pay any money in advance. The second
benefit is routine diagnostic cover and
minor procedure cover. Whatever the doctor
comments on you with any test,
leave it to you, there is a limit up to 10 minutes, you can
claim up to that limit. You can also claim up to the minor procedure cover which is defined in their list. The
next
benefit is that whatever
medicines, brushes or medical consumables you buy during the policy period,
you can do all that on a cashless basis in this plan. Physiotherapy sessions:
If due to any complication you need physiotherapy, then
you
can claim the benefit under this plan. Tele
consultation: If you feel that you need a
telephonic consultation, then you
can push it under this plan and convert it to a
qualified doctor who has become
very famous in comedy. This option is the next
benefit.  This is counselling. If you need to
consult a psychologist,
you can do it through the Aaye TK app. The
next benefit is diet and nutrition
counselling. Here too, you can consult a dietitian through the Oil Tanker app. The next benefit is
preventive care. If you are 20 years or
above, you can get a free health check-up done
on a cashless basis and you
get reward points. If you
keep yourself healthy, then after that you
get a discount on the policy premium.
You can avail ambulance assistant. Value-
added services are some kind of details and
discounts which are available on different health
products and services,
you can avail them through this plan. If we
talk about the plan options,
which options does the company keep in front of the policy holder
so that the policy holder can
select himself? There are six options available in this plan which are known as
BCDF. Different
options have different benefits
which we are putting on the screen.  You
can check the maximum benefits that are
visible there and they are visible in a category
which includes outpatient treatment,
in this you can do outpatient consultation for all times
and f-18 times and
diagnostic cover and minor procedure cover, you
can claim 30 in this category,
50 claim for the same in the app category, that is,
if you want to get any medicines, then you can claim up
to three thousand in Agri and up to 150 in the app category,
you can click on physiotherapy
session in the shopping category and
in this category you can do 12th, tele
consultation ATM times, e counselling for all
times and diet nutrition prayer times can be done
in pedigree, whereas these three
benefits are available in the app category unlimited times. If we
talk about rims, then if one of the
family members of the policy holder is
between zero to 45 years and any
student or two child is there, then the
premium that will come for this is for an annual period  ₹7603 will go up to ₹2 if it
is above 45 and when it
is in the 55th category then the episode will be returned and if
we calculate it from the policy benefits
then you can claim 12:00 consultation in the category. There is a
condition in this that the doctor's fee should be for 15 minutes.
Whatever the doctor charges will be
on your cost basis. ICC
Lamba has already tied up with many doctors
and will
tie up with many doctors in the future. So if
this example thousand rupees consultation of a good
doctor is also added then
you can get a benefit of ₹1200 here. Plus
you can click ₹30 for your group team and diagnostic cover and minor procedures. ₹
300 for pharmacy. ₹
30 for ordering any medicine.
Software plus ₹680 has already been said till here.
Plus after that you
can take physiotherapy sessions or Dastak.  You can
take consultation, counselling, diet, nutrition and even travel time, so you
can see that whatever we are spending on premium, we
can take at least two for one benefit,
this truly becomes a policy
which will provide some value and apart from this, you
can also take a discount on the premium of the policy which will be an additional benefit for you. If
you liked the video about the benefits of the general insurance company, then we keep
bringing such information, so please
like and subscribe to our channel, thank
you for watching.